DOCS-4270 Adds Mobile App Testing Documentation (#18499)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/mobile_testing/mobile_app_tests/results.md

: The element cannot be found in the HTML.

`Select did not have option`
: The specified option is missing from the dropdown menu.

`Forbidden URL`
: The test likely encountered a protocol that is not supported. [Contact Support][6] for more details.

`General test failure`
: A general error message. [Contact Support][6] for more details.

## Test events

Alerts from your Synthetic test monitors appear in the **Events** tab under **Test Runs**. To search for alerts from Synthetic tests in the Events Explorer, navigate to [**Events** > **Explorer**][7] and enter `Event Type:synthetics_alert` in the search query. For more information, see [Using Synthetic Test Monitors][1].

## Further reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

[1]: /synthetics/guide/synthetic-test-monitors/
[2]: /continuous_testing/cicd_integrations/configuration/?tab=npm#test-files
[3]: /continuous_testing/cicd_integrations
[4]: /mobile_testing/mobile_app_tests/#define-scheduling-and-alert-conditions
[5]: /synthetics/guide/uptime-percentage-widget/
[6]: /help
[7]: /service_management/events/explorer/
[8]: /getting_started/synthetics/browser_test#select-locations
[9]: /synthetics/private_locations

> [10]: /mobile_testing/mobile_app_tests/steps

Author: ```suggestion
[10]: /mobile_testing/mobile_app_tests/steps
[11]:  https://app.datadoghq.com/synthetics/tests
```

---
title: Mobile App Test Results
kind: documentation
description: View Synthetic mobile app test results and compare successful or failed sample runs to test runs. 
further_reading:
- link: "/mobile_testing/mobile_app_tests/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about Synthetic mobile tests"
- link: "/service_management/events/explorer"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about the Events Explorer"
---

## Overview

Click on a mobile app test on the [**Synthetic Tests** page][11] to see the Test Details page. The Test Details page contains all the information relating to your test, including test properties, test history, sample runs, and test runs.

{{< img src="mobile_testing/test_details.png" alt="The Test Details page" style="width=80%" >}}

Test runs appear in a test details page after a Synthetic mobile app test executes. [Sample results](#sample-results) correlate to the latest passed and failed test executions over a time interval and in a specific number of locations and devices.

## Test properties

In the **Properties** section, you can see the test ID, test creation and edit dates, test priority, environment tag, and additional tags.

**Overview** 

> : This section describes the test on which mobile application, version, location, number of devices, test interval, and the number of test steps.

Reviewer: Can you rewrite this sentence? Grammatically it's a little award with the "the test on which mobile application" piece.

Author: ```suggestion
: This section describes the Synthetic test details, including the mobile application, version, location, number of devices, test interval, and the number of test steps.
```

## Test history

In the **History** section, you can see the **Global Uptime** graph, which displays the total uptime of all test locations in a given time interval. The global uptime takes into consideration the [alert conditions][4] configured for a test. 

{{< img src="mobile_testing/history.png" alt="The History graph displays global uptime" style="width=80%" >}}

## Sample results

Mobile app test runs include components such as [screenshots](#screenshots-and-actions) to help troubleshoot your [test failure](#failed-results).

In the **Sample Runs** section, you can examine the latest failed test runs and compare them to recent successful test runs.

### Overview attributes

Status
: The status of your test run (`PASSED` or `FAILED`).

Starting URL
: The URL of your mobile app test scenario.

Steps
: The number of [test steps][10] completed in your sample run.

Duration
: The amount of time it took your test to run.

Location
: The [managed][8] or [private location][9] your test was executed from.

Device
: The type of device your test was executed from.

Run type
: The type of test run (CI, manually triggered, or scheduled).

> ### Screenshots and actions

Reviewer: Can we add a screenshot here?

`Select did not have option`
: The specified option is missing from the dropdown menu.

`Forbidden URL`
: The test likely encountered a protocol that is not supported. [Contact Support][6] for more details.

`General test failure`
: A general error message. [Contact Support][6] for more details.

## Test events

Alerts from your Synthetic test monitors appear in the **Events** tab under **Test Runs**. To search for alerts from Synthetic tests in the Events Explorer, navigate to [**Events** > **Explorer**][7] and enter `@evt.type:synthetics_alert` in the search query. For more information, see [Using Synthetic Test Monitors][1].

## Further reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

[1]: /synthetics/guide/synthetic-test-monitors/
[2]: /continuous_testing/cicd_integrations/configuration/?tab=npm#test-files
[3]: /continuous_testing/cicd_integrations
[4]: /mobile_testing/mobile_app_tests/#scheduling-and-alert
[5]: /synthetics/guide/uptime-percentage-widget/
[6]: /help
[7]: https://app.datadoghq.com/event/explorer
[8]: /getting_started/synthetics/browser_test#select-locations
[9]: /synthetics/private_locations
[10]: /mobile_testing/mobile_app_tests/steps

> [11]:  https://app.datadoghq.com/synthetics/tests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[11]: https://app.datadoghq.com/synthetics/tests
```
